I've allowed Tony Whitney to bring in
something that she considers very
special for show-and-tell
this is the newest member of our family
he came to us from the wild and I named
him Andre after a famous seal dream he's
my best friend
and our favorite colors blue big deal
Andre befriends ain't wait for no
go-ahead from nobody popped off to mob
of just this morning well for a
Rockport's very own Harbormaster I've
been out there all day every day I ain't
seen him once this week yeah and I
almost ran aground off round because he
didn't replace the light and the bully
got a seal far pet look guys I just
wanted to get him strong enough and back
to the while he'll go fair I promised
him when he felt better that I would
take care of him he's my best friend me
and they were best friends
Andre knows how much you love him but
sometimes when you really love someone
you let them go
he belongs in the wild he does